docs(orc8r): Adds docs for Charmed Magma 1.8 (#15186)
magma/magma: docs/docusaurus/versioned_docs/version-1.8.0/lte/deploy_agw_using_juju.md

---
id: version-1.8.0-deploy_agw_using_juju
title: Deploy AGW using Juju
hide_title: true
original_id: deploy_agw_using_juju
---

# Deploy Charmed Magma Access Gateway

## Requirements

### Management machine

- Ubuntu machine with internet access

### Access Gateway machine

> The Access Gateway must be installed on an Ubuntu machine with the following specifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Access Gateway must be installed on an machine with the following specifications:
```

Author: In this case, Ubuntu is actually required. We can't run AGW on other OSes.

Reviewer: The OS is listed in the bullet list below

Author: True. Removed.

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04 LTS with Linux Kernel 5.4
- **Processor**: x86-64 dual-core processor (around 2GHz clock speed or faster)
- **Memory**: 4GB RAM
- **Storage**: 32GB or greater SSD
- **Networking**: At least two ethernet interfaces using two different subnets (**SGi** for internet connectivity and **S1** for enodeB connectivity)

!!! danger

    Installing this charm will affect the target computer's networking configuration. Make sure it is installed on designated hardware (personal computers are strongly discouraged).

!!! info

    Some clouds like AWS use newer kernel versions by default. If you want to downgrade your kernel, please refer to the following [guide](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/how-to-downgrade-the-kernel-on-ubuntu-20-04-to-the-5-4-lts-version/26459).

!!! info

>     For small networks (i.e. 10 eNBs, 10 active subscribers), Magma can produce around 1 GB of logs per week. Most of these logs will go to /var/log/journal. To avoid problems with insufficient disk space, it is recommended to configure log rotation for systemd-journald.  For more information please visit [Ubuntu manuals](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/focal/man5/journald.conf.5.html).

Reviewer: This paragraph is not necessary in a how-to guide

Author: Removed.

## Set up your management environment

- Install [Juju 2.9](https://juju.is/docs/olm/installing-juju) on your management machine
- Create and bootstrap a [manual cloud](https://juju.is/docs/olm/manual-setup)

> - [Add AGW host](https://juju.is/docs/olm/manual-setup#heading--add-machines-to-a-manual-cloud) to your manual cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add the Ubuntu machine](https://juju.is/docs/olm/manual-setup#heading--add-machines-to-a-manual-cloud) to your manual cloud
```
